# Minecraft mods for 1.18.X

## Shaders
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/customization/complementary-shaders (client)

## Datapacks
https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/blazeandcave-s-advancements-pack-1-12/
https://www.planetminecraft.com/data-pack/reinforced-creatures-harder-mob-varients-v1-0/
https://www.planetminecraft.com/texture-pack/bacap-language-pack/

## Mods

#### Graphics & UX
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rubidium (client) - sodium port for forge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/magnesium-extras (client) - rubidium extra configuration
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamiclights-reforged (client) - dynamic lights
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/oculus (client) - enables shaders
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/falling-leaves-forge (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/catalogue (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-hud-forge (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-third-person (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iris-flywheel-compat (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/beautified-chat-server (server)


### Performance
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastfurnace
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastworkbench
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/placebo - required by fastfurnace, fastworkbench
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fast-leaf-decay
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/radon (server)


#### Impressiveness
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/not-enough-animations
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/creativecore (client) - required by ambientsounds
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ambientsounds (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jingames-hair-c
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/citadel - required by alexs-mobs
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/alexs-mobs
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/villager-names
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/zombie-horse-spawn
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stray-spawn
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/guard-villagers
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/hunterillager
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/more-villagers
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/let-sleeping-dogs-lie
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/another-furniture
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-paintings
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges-biome-o-plenty

#### Tech
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flywheel - required by create
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-tools
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-additions
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mekanism-generators

#### Global
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/autoreglib - required by quark
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/quark
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treechop
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treeplant
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/curios - required by botania, create and others
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botania
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terralith
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/feature-nbt-deadlock-be-gone - required by repurposed structures
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/repurposed-structures
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/castle-in-the-sky-the-fairytale-of-laputa
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/selene - required by supplementaries
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/supplementaries
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/refined-storage
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravestone-mod
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/natures-compass
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/valhelsia-core
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/valhelsia-structures
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/buzzier-bees
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/blueprint - required by abnormal mods
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/farmers-delight
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/alexs-delight
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/abnormals-delight
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aquaculture
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/savage-and-ravage
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/boatload
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ecologics
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-confectionery
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/createaddition
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-stuff-additions
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/hostile-neural-networks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/friends-and-foes-forge
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/every-compat

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-api - required by yungs mods
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-extras
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-bridges
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-dungeons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-strongholds
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-mineshafts-forge

#### Miscellaneous
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/attributefix
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafttweaker
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/xaeros-minimap
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/xaeros-world-map
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api

#### QOL
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterf3 (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config (client) - betterf3 configuration
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade-addons (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/controlling (client) - find controls collision
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin - food info
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trashslot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm - required by trashslot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/patchouli - help book in game
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cleancut - hit through obstacles
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafting-tweaks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flat-bedrock
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/hole-filler-mod
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/toast-control
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/puzzles-lib - required by pick-up-notifier, item-highlighter
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pick-up-notifier
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iceberg - required by item-highlighter and multiple other
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/item-highlighter (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bookshelf - required by enchantment-descriptions
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enchantment-descriptions
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/collective
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gui-followers (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/playeranimator
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-combat-by-daedelus
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/u-team-core - required by useful-backpacks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/useful-backpacks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/shutup-experimental-settings
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jeitweaker
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei-integration
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei-enchantment-info
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-resources-jer
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-professions-jep
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/equipment-compare (client)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easier-sleeping (server)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/caelus - required by elytra slot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/elytra-slot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/visual-workbench
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-magic
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/advancement-plaques
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/berry-good
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iron-chests
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tool-belt
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stack-refill
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wall-jump
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/plasmo-voice
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ping
